yours truly residential jump off TV
member is hosting a wild leg showdown at
revolution live in Fort Lauderdale on
December first with special guest Meek
Mill and Pusha T and Meg dive 204 is
djing so I won that shit out there any
florida residents that watch this show
come out to the show we do our thing we
host we hand out shots who smoked we we
get phone numbers but we don't call we
have a good time so congratulations to
wildlife 47 162,000 to graduate and
bishan LP the beta is while a success
based on his alignment with maybach
music group and rick ross check that
shoe the way Molly question is would it
have happened if it wasn't if Rick was
no I'm just that's my only watched would
he have blown up and did his thing and
be at these numbers if there was no
Rosie well I think that was the whole
point of him signing with maybach music
group was to up his awareness and his
status so it's not like it's a bad thing
that was the point I think it sounded
refine a little more I think he's grown
into his actual sound I mean well it
wasn't the while I made bad music it was
that well a is not personally favorable
with a lively well a was pretty big in
the DMV area outside of that it was kind
of a question of who he was as an artist
he comes off a certain way they just you
don't know how to take it there's a lot
of people who disagree
I'm surprised because from his last
album to this there was improvement and
a difference but I don't see the big
difference and then there's a big number
difference in sales so I'm surprised
people were surprised but it was well
desert dweller so you can't really take
on the way from jasmine is absolutely
right great great points jasmine by
agree wholeheartedly why ladies had all
the major cosines and a new artist could
have but also had a major stall out that
you know most artists she don't come
from right and shouldn't have to fall
victim to and you know he got what a lot
of artists don't get was the second
chance and he got it on the back of some
fantastic a in our work you think that
now he has more control over his music
he has less control over his music Ross
is pretty hands-on you know those guys
are pretty as well but that's because he
signed him for a reason I think it did
its purpose he was supposed to blow up
beneath
all that happened was what was supposed
to happen he was supposed to sell more
which was the whole point of joining up
pet he have sold all he wanted to sell
with interscope he would have never
joined with me back to have a mass jump
from thirty thousand two hundred it's
very impressive calm and the quality of
the work back something numbers like
you're saying it like how dare don't
like it not yes it is nothing sir pops
it up that's the whole point of joining
a crew I think what Wally's new numbers
say more than anything else is the fact
that I think it just points out that
Rick Ross if nothing else it's not it's
not only a star in his own right but is
now a certified star maker crosses heart
right now and while I made a good album
so I don't see how it would have failed
you know I'm wale is two thousand and
he's on tour right now he's got plenty
of single man project to last them so
the middle of 2012 so if he plays it
right you know its own could be seek you
know this could be the tone setter right
here but now the profile of time like
now absolutely it's full hours what she
was doing that stuff anyway and nobody
really noticed or in or can't he was
doing that stuff before but he didn't he
wasn't doing it with records that people
give a fuck about he's really he's going
around doing it now and he has 600 bets
he's doing now he has the record with
Jeremy he was doing it now and he's got
bait like he has records now if you want
to rally around a whole point of making
strategic moves is to see a higher half
outcome and so this is just sending the
message that the move worked thanks in
large part to rick ross i do believe you
buy absolutely as long as it is rick
ross's ear gave while a new wife and his
alpha beats has never been in question
it's setting the tone for the Maybach
Empire regardless you know you got me
khushi whose mixtape is doing great you
know he's got
you know material off there that's
playing the club's on radio you got your
officers coming you know someone 1389
you got you know I'm wale really a
tireless work ethic just you know a lot
of touring a lot of moving around a lot
of doing shows not turning dates down
and putting out quality music it's
different vegetable seeds because ross's
and triple c's why do you want um if the
lure is Ross why do you need a group
with him anyway you know that you can
just wait six months and get a good soul
from kinkos it in walla is is his
product like you know hey i'm standing
behind this guy this is mayra chef
tomorrow you get you don't Ross as much
as you want this man will pick out some
shit that will make everybody sing along
for months afterwards I'll go on record
and say Rick Ross is the best anr /
artist in the game stamp that certified
and again it's not to let us not forget
while they came with a good album the
younglings actually selling records so
for you know wale to come out to have a
mass jump from I have to supervise our
professionals now because what happened
lasted jazz knows what I bring to jump
off people love me I'll be back next
week god bless everybody at home and God
bless jazz you by the way did you see
what I did this week where I was quiet
and she had to dominate the conversation
and those debates went nowhere that's
because jazz was driving jacks can't
drive so you're welcome I prefer to show
rather than tell Jamal didn't talk with
his Jamal didn't have anything witty to
say that's fine Jamal Dean top that's it
so I mean so ironic you put it in
quotations with a cleft in your jets
so next week back to the same old
fuckery with your host Valerie Laura and
your co-host Jamal mech lo remember
December first revolution alive I'm
hosting wale Meek Mill quarters and
ambitions and swords right now sure